docs/source/installation.rst, before:

==================
Installation/Usage
==================

Requirements
============

* Django_
* Postgres_
* psycopg2_
* django-model-utils_

This application requires, and depends upon Django_ being installed. Currently, versions from 1.4 to 1.6 are supported, along with South_ for migrations. 

Support for 1.7 is under development. Migrations have changed, so this is not a small task to change.

Postgres is required to allow schema to be used. psycopg2_ is required as per normal Django/Postgres integration.

django-model-utils_ is used for ``PassThroughManager``, which, under Django 1.7 will be replaced by `QuerySet.as_manager() <https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/topics/db/managers/#creating-manager-with-queryset-methods>`_. However, the ``Tracker`` feature is also used to track changes on the :class:`boardinghouse.models.Schema` model, to prevent modification of the `schema` attribute.

Installing
==========

Install it using your favourite installer: mine is `pip`::

    pip install django-boardinghouse

You will need to add ``boardinghouse`` to your ``settings.INSTALLED_APPS``.

If you use South_, you must put it after ``south``. If you use the Django admin, put it before ``django.contrib.admin``. [Check this is still correct under 1.7].

You will need to use the provided database engine::

    'boardinghouse.backends.postgres'

If you are using South, add the following to your settings::

    SOUTH_DATABASE_ADAPTERS = {
        'default': 'boardinghouse.backends.south_backend',
        'boardinghouse.backends.postgres': 'boardinghouse.backends.south_backend',
    }

You will probably want to modify your ``User`` model so it contains a relationship to :class:`boardinghouse.models.Schema`. The type of relationship depends on your business logic.

``django-boardinghouse`` automatically installs a class to your middleware, and a context processor. If you have the admin installed, it adds a column to the admin :class:`django.contrib.admin.models.LogEntry` class, to store the object schema when applicable.

It's probably much easier to start using ``django-boardinghouse`` right from the beginning of a project: trying to split an existing database may be possible, but is not supported at this stage.

Usage
=====

Management commands
-------------------

Once django-boardinghouse hase been installed correctly, it will override some commands related to database access. For instance, in Django <1.7, the ``syncdb`` command is replaced with a version that applies the changes to every known schema. South's ``migrate`` command is likewise overriden.

``loaddata`` and ``dumpdata`` are also overridden. They may take an optional ``--schema`` argument, that will activate that schema before running the command.

Middleware
----------

.. autoclass:: boardinghouse.middleware.SchemaMiddleware


Template Variables
------------------

Changing Schema
---------------



.. _Django: https://www.djangoproject.com/
.. _Postgres: http://www.postgresql.org/
.. _PostgresApp: http://postgresapp.com/
.. _psycopg2: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/psycopg2/
.. _django-model-utils: http://django-model-utils.readthedocs.org
.. _South: http://south.readthedocs.org/

Commit message:

Update documentation for new explicit-shared philosophy.

docs/source/installation.rst, after:

==================
Installation/Usage
==================

Requirements
============

* Django_
* Postgres_
* psycopg2_
* django-model-utils_

This application requires, and depends upon Django_ being installed. Currently, versions from 1.4 to 1.6 are supported, along with South_ for migrations. 

Support for 1.7 is under development. Migrations have changed, so this is not a small task to change.

Postgres is required to allow schema to be used. psycopg2_ is required as per normal Django/Postgres integration.

django-model-utils_ is used for ``PassThroughManager``, which, under Django 1.7 will be replaced by `QuerySet.as_manager() <https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/topics/db/managers/#creating-manager-with-queryset-methods>`_. However, the ``Tracker`` feature is also used to track changes on the :class:`boardinghouse.models.Schema` model, to prevent modification of the `schema` attribute.

Installing
==========

Install it using your favourite installer: mine is `pip`::

    pip install django-boardinghouse

You will need to add ``boardinghouse`` to your ``settings.INSTALLED_APPS``.

If you use South_, you must put it after ``south``. If you use the Django admin, put it before ``django.contrib.admin``. [Check this is still correct under 1.7].

You will need to use the provided database engine::

    'boardinghouse.backends.postgres'

If you are using South, add the following to your settings::

    SOUTH_DATABASE_ADAPTERS = {
        'default': 'boardinghouse.backends.south_backend',
        'boardinghouse.backends.postgres': 'boardinghouse.backends.south_backend',
    }

You will probably want to modify your ``User`` model so it contains a relationship to :class:`boardinghouse.models.Schema`. The type of relationship depends on your business logic.

``django-boardinghouse`` automatically installs a class to your middleware, and a context processor. If you have the admin installed, it adds a column to the admin :class:`django.contrib.admin.models.LogEntry` class, to store the object schema when applicable.

It's probably much easier to start using ``django-boardinghouse`` right from the beginning of a project: trying to split an existing database may be possible, but is not supported at this stage.

Usage
=====

Shared Models
-------------

If a model class contains the attribute ``_is_shared_model`` with a truthy value, then it will be deemed to be a shared model, and will be installed into the default (public) schema.

If a model is listed in the ``settings.BOARDINGHOUSE.SHARED_MODELS`` list, then it is deemed to be a shared model.

All other models are deemed to be schema-specific models, and will be put into each schema that is created.

Management commands
-------------------

Once django-boardinghouse hase been installed correctly, it will override some commands related to database access. For instance, in Django <1.7, the ``syncdb`` command is replaced with a version that applies the changes to every known schema. South's ``migrate`` command is likewise overriden.

``loaddata`` and ``dumpdata`` are also overridden. They may take an optional ``--schema`` argument, that will activate that schema before running the command.

Middleware
----------

.. autoclass:: boardinghouse.middleware.SchemaMiddleware


Template Variables
------------------

Changing Schema
---------------



.. _Django: https://www.djangoproject.com/
.. _Postgres: http://www.postgresql.org/
.. _PostgresApp: http://postgresapp.com/
.. _psycopg2: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/psycopg2/
.. _django-model-utils: http://django-model-utils.readthedocs.org
.. _South: http://south.readthedocs.org/
